Added setting for python-specific connection URL (#10439)
cBioPortal/cbioportal: docs/deployment/customization/portal.properties-Reference.md

db.tomcat_resource_name=jdbc/cbioportal
```

### Python-specific connection URL

``` 
db.connection_string_python= 

``` 

> Setting for python-specific connection URL in order to connect using both python and java at the entrypoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting that allow a python-specific database connection URL that is different from the connection URL used by Java. This allows, for instance, to migrate the database with different connection properties in the docker entry point script.
```

> The format of the `db.connection_string_python` is: 
> 
> ``` 
> jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/cbiodb
> 
> ``` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the `db.connection_string_python` is: 

``` 
jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/cbiodb

``` 
```

The format of the `db.connection_string_python` is identical to `db.connection_string`.
